Zhao Kai, you dare to spray feces again
Believe it or not, I'll kill you now
I was indeed the only three of you before White Sugar
But now you do it for such a woman
How dare you throw yourself at each other?
I won't give you face today.
What do you want?
Wasn't your woman very rude just now?
What happens now?
Let me tell you
You woman is dying
The most taboo thing about Red Star is
Because women kill each other
You just wait to be criminally judged by Hall Master Haonan
You are so self-righteous
Aren't you afraid of getting what you want?
Great, it's this time
You are still in the middle, you are the eldest sister
But Hall Master Haonan is here
I'll see what you do.
Don't bother.
Qinghong, call Ah Kun too
I remember he had a close relationship with the Zhao family
Yes
You act like a woman, right?
Who doesn't know that Hall Master Liangkun is the second in command of Red Star?
Did you say you could call it?
You really think of yourself as a big body of Red Star
Daji staff can't get through
Hmm can't get through
Of course not.
I can't get through to my mom in heaven
Hahaha